https://altrs.github.io/envirohypno/ <br>

EnviroHypno is a tool that lets users redefine their relationship with technology through the use of sound and the act of field recording. EnviroHypno is for individuals who are hesitant about technology's place in society and wish to take control of our future: those of us "...who are constantly mandated to get on board with a plan of the future drafted without our input or consent, yet who know in our bodies and spirits of technologies far wiser than products of Silicon Valley"(Zhang n.p.). <br>

How does this tool do that? EnviroHypno asks the users to record short audio clips to create auditory art through the manipulation/control of their external environment -- rather than through the digital interface. In this way, the tool  'inverts’ the recording/production of sound by redefining technology's place in the creative process. Overall, we are using our physical space to control the technologies -- instead of vice-versa. <br>

I would like the users to ultimately gain a sense of curiosity about the alternative ways in which we can incorporate technologies into our lives. One thing I definitely learned from this project -- aside from the technical information regarding manipulating audio with code -- is that design work is Design Justice Principle #5: We see the role of the designer as a facilitator rather than an expert. I particularly relate my project to this principle, as I see EnviroHypno as a contribution to a conversation -- rather than a product. With EnviroHypno, I'm developing a better sense of how I want to share my work with the public, and redefine the power-relationship between 'scholar-like' work and the individuals who choose to view it / are ultimately impacted.
